Update draft-ehlen-openpgp-nist-bp-comp.md (#16)
openpgp-pqc/draft-ehlen-openpgp-nist-bp-comp: draft-ehlen-openpgp-nist-bp-comp.md

# Introduction

> This document defines PQ/T composite schemes based on ML-KEM and ML-DSA combined with ECDH and ECDSA using the NIST and Brainpool domain parameters for the OpenPGP protocol.

Reviewer: I would leave this summarizing introductionary sentence.

Author: ok

> There are good implementations of ECDSA and ECDH with NIST-curves NIST {{SP800-186}}. This document defines PQ/T hybrid schemes of ML-KEM and ML-DSA combined with ECDH and ECDSA using the NIST curves to support the users who would like to use such hybrid KEMs and/or signatures in OpenPGP protocol. Similary, this document also specifies some hybrid options of ML-KEM and ML-DSA combined with ECDH and ECDSA using Brainpool curves {{RFC5639}}. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to their long standing and wide deployment, there are well-tested, secure, and efficient implementations of ECDSA and ECDH with NIST-curves {{SP800-186}}. The same applies to Brainpool curves {{RFC5639}} which are recommended or required in certain regulatory domains. This document defines PQ/T hybrid schemes of ML-KEM and ML-DSA combined with ECDH and ECDSA using the NIST and Brainpool curves to support the users who would like to use such hybrid KEMs and/or signatures in the OpenPGP protocol. 
```
